Ruby - Docs - Add Ruby version clarifications (#5293)
awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples: ruby/README.md

To resolve Ruby-specific dependencies, you must start a command line session and navigate to this directory.

### Ruby version

This code is tested using [version 3.1.2](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/news/2022/04/12/ruby-3-1-2-released/).

> You can check your Ruby version using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can check your Ruby version by using the following command:
```

```bash
ruby -v
```

> See the [Ruby install docs](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/documentation/installation/) for more information on managing multiple Ruby versions in your local environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about managing multiple Ruby versions in your local environment, see the [Ruby install docs](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/documentation/installation/).
```

### Resolving dependencies

> To resolve the dependencies declared in the [Gemfile](Gemfile), run the below commands from this `/ruby` directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To resolve the dependencies declared in the [Gemfile](Gemfile), run the following commands from this `/ruby` directory:
```

```bash
gem install bundler
bundle install
```

> If you would like to utilize a different Ruby version, modify or remove `ruby "3.1.2"` from the [Gemfile](Gemfile).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use a different Ruby version, modify or remove `ruby "3.1.2"` from the [Gemfile](Gemfile).
```
